ETHERUM = A COMPUTER

but not just any ehhhh pc ... this one's magical

Ethereum is possibly the first global singleton computer ever, that is fundamentally not localized (meaning, it's not located in any one single location). All other computers are either physical machines (laptops) or virtual machines, which reside in physical machines.

Ethereum does not reside in any single machine, no physical presence in any part of the world… yet there is only one!

Coooool, right?

anddd, No authority, government or corporation is behind the Ethereum computer. No one owns it, can shut it off or can use it as an advanced user (ie. a system administrator in a typical client-server setup).

Where there is Internet, there is Ethereum. There are no barriers to participation. If you can connect to WiFi, you can interact with the Ethereum computer. If you want to write to the Ethereum computer, you'll just need some ETH on top of an Internet connection - to pay gas! So, the Ethereum computer is ubiquitous (everywhere!).

In terms of accessibility, Ethereum's main smart contract programming language is currently Solidity - a language with 
strong similarities in design to JavaScript. JS is the programming language that powers the Internet. 
Therefore, the learning curb for new Ethereum devs is not that particularly difficult - it's very similar to 
the most popular programming language on the planet. This means the Ethereum computer is not hidden behind layers
of complexity, it is accessible, as a start, to anyone that knows (or learns!) JavaScript.

The Ethereum computer, thanks to the wide input range of the keccack256 hash function, has a practically infinite range possible for account creation. The range is 2^160, a number so incredibly large, that our puny human brains cannot even comprehend it.

Basically, the Ethereum computer can supply as many accounts as we'll ever need - 
and then more. Try creating a new account now, easy as pie!

Any code deployed onto the Ethereum computer is honored now and forever. 
Smart contracts inherit the cryptographic properties of the Ethereum computer: immutability, 
censorship-resistance and verifiability. Once you deploy a smart contract, unless you explicitly code in a clause 
with a call to selfdestruct, that contract will live on the Ethereum computer FOREVER. No one can change it, not even Vitalik.